sven
====

A sven django project. 
The fake installation path we use in this readme is `/home/path/to/sven/`: it should be changed according to your system configuration.



how to install sven
-------------------
Three step procedure (django should already be installed)

1. settings.py 

	Change the following lines according to your system configuration inside the `settings.py`. We also provide a `settings.py.sample` 
	Configure the `DATABASES` section:
	
		DATABASES = {
		    'default': {
		        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.mysql', # Add 'postgresql_psycopg2', 'postgresql', 'mysql', 'sqlite3' or 'oracle'.
		        'NAME': 'sven',                      # Or path to database file if using sqlite3.
		        'USER': 'sven',                      # Not used with sqlite3.
	
	Configure the `MEDIA_ROOT` path:
	
		# Absolute filesystem path to the directory that will hold user-uploaded files.
		# Example: "/home/media/media.lawrence.com/media/"
		MEDIA_ROOT = '/home/path/to/sven/media/'
	
	Change the secret key:
	
		# Make this unique, and don't share it with anybody.
		SECRET_KEY = 'django autogenerated secret key'
	    
	Add `sven.anta` and `sven.core` to the *installed apps* list:
	
		INSTALLED_APPS = (
		    'django.contrib.auth',
		    'django.contrib.contenttypes',
		    'django.contrib.sessions',
		    'django.contrib.sites',
		    'django.contrib.messages',
		    'django.contrib.staticfiles',
		    # Uncomment the next line to enable the admin:
		    'django.contrib.admin',
		    # Uncomment the next line to enable admin documentation:
		    # 'django.contrib.admindocs',
		    'sven.anta',
		    'sven.core'
		)
	    
2. sven.wsgi

	Modify the `path` according to your sven installation directory (i.e. the django project)
	
		path = '/home/path/to/sven'
		if path not in sys.path:
		    sys.path.append(path)

	    
Apache 2.x configuration
------------------------

Follow the mod_wsgi installation instruction if mod_wsgi is not installed. 
Add and properly configure the `WSGIScriptAlias` directive: 

	WSGIScriptAlias /sven /home/path/to/sven/sven.wsgi
	 <Directory /home/path/to/sven>
	  Order allow,deny
	  Allow from all
	 </Directory>
	 
Then *reload* apache server.
	 
Django project installation
---------------------------

Simply run `python manage.py syncdb` from your sven django directory.